dev-guide/device/README.md, before:

# Device features

## Device orientation and motion events
[Device orientation and motion events](./device-orientation-and-motion-events) provide event info about the physical orientation and motion of your user's device, allowing you to take advantage of modern sensors and explore new input mechanisms and gestures for games and apps.

## Fullscreen API
You can use the [Fullscreen API](./fullscreen-API) to bring video, images, and other content to a user's full attention.

## Geolocation
The [Geolocation API](./Geolocation) is a built-in location provider that uses Wi-Fi location data and Internet Protocol (IP) address information to determine the latitude and longitude of the computer or device running the browser.

## High-DPI support
Microsoft Edge brings enhanced scaling for [high DPI](./high-DPI-support) screens and small slates, ensuring the consistency of your website’s text, touch targets, and layout across devices.

## Screen Orientation API
The [Screen Orientation API](./screen-Orientation-API) enables you to prevent or override the browser from automatically reflowing your web app's content during changes to the orientation of your user's device. You can also lock the display so that your user's device orientation and motion sensor data is accurate.

## Web Authentication and Windows Hello
The Web Authentication API in Microsoft Edge enables web applications to use [Windows Hello](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkID=624961) biometrics for user authentication.

## Web Notifications API
The [Web Notifications API](./web-Notifications-API) allows websites to send users notifications outside the context of the Microsoft Edge browser.

Commit message:

Adding Payment Request API intro

dev-guide/device/README.md, after:

# Device features

## Device orientation and motion events
[Device orientation and motion events](./device-orientation-and-motion-events) provide event info about the physical orientation and motion of your user's device, allowing you to take advantage of modern sensors and explore new input mechanisms and gestures for games and apps.

## Fullscreen API
You can use the [Fullscreen API](./fullscreen-API) to bring video, images, and other content to a user's full attention.

## Geolocation
The [Geolocation API](./Geolocation) is a built-in location provider that uses Wi-Fi location data and Internet Protocol (IP) address information to determine the latitude and longitude of the computer or device running the browser.

## High-DPI support
Microsoft Edge brings enhanced scaling for [high DPI](./high-DPI-support) screens and small slates, ensuring the consistency of your website’s text, touch targets, and layout across devices.

## Payment Request API
The [Payment Request API](./Payment-Request-API) is an open, cross-browser standard that enables browsers to act as an intermediary between merchants, consumers, and the payment methods (e.g. credit cards) that consumers have stored in the cloud.


## Screen Orientation API
The [Screen Orientation API](./screen-Orientation-API) enables you to prevent or override the browser from automatically reflowing your web app's content during changes to the orientation of your user's device. You can also lock the display so that your user's device orientation and motion sensor data is accurate.

## Web Authentication and Windows Hello
The Web Authentication API in Microsoft Edge enables web applications to use [Windows Hello](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkID=624961) biometrics for user authentication.

## Web Notifications API
The [Web Notifications API](./web-Notifications-API) allows websites to send users notifications outside the context of the Microsoft Edge browser.
