extensions/guides/design/README.md, before:

# Design guidelines for Microsoft Edge extensions

The following page contains various design aspects and UI behavior to consider when creating Microsoft Edge extensions.

## Icons

It's recommended that you make the icons of your extension using a vector graphic. You'll need a few different sizes of your icon for your extension, and three additional sizes if you want to package your extension.

Before you create your extension icons, we recommend that you review the [accessibility](../accessibility) guide to ensure that your icons have high enough contrast and are visible in both the light and dark themes of Microsoft Edge.

While any webkit image format is supported, PNG is recommended for transparency support.


### Icons for your extension

For your extension, you'll need one icon size for its browser action/page action, and one icon size for the extensions pane. More than one size for each can be provided to support high resolution displays.

An extension can either have a browser action or page action icon. The browser action and page action icons can be changed at runtime using [`browserAction.setIcon`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/Add-ons/WebExtensions/API/browserAction/setIcon) or [`pageAction.setIcon`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/Add-ons/WebExtensions/API/pageAction/setIcon).


**Browser action**

The preferred sizes for browser action and page action icons are 20px, 25px, 30px, 40px. Other supported sizes include 19px, 35px, 38px.

The following [JSON manifest](../../API-support/supported-manifest-keys) snippet shows a standard and high definition browser action icon being specified using the [`"browser_action"`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/browser_action) field. The same syntax applies for [`"page_action"`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/page_action):
```json
"browser_action": {
	"default_icon": {
		"20": "images/icon_20.png",
		"40": "images/icon_40.png"
	},
	"default_title": "Fetch page info",
	"default_popup": "popup.html"
}
```

If the browser action has been set by the extension, it will appear either in the Actions menu after selecting "More(...)",  or to the right of the address bar if "Show button next to the address bar" has been toggled on by the user.

![browser action in action menu](../../media/actionmenu-browseraction.png)

![browser action](../../media/browseractionicon.png)

**Page action**

[`"page_action"`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/page_action) has the same JSON manifest syntax as [`"browser_action"`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/browser_action). Page action also has the same icon size requirements as browser action.

If page action is specified in the [JSON manifest](../../API-support/supported-manifest-keys), it will appear within the address bar whenever [`pageAction.show`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/Add-ons/WebExtensions/API/pageAction/show) is called.

![page action](../../media/pageaction.png)




**Management UI**

When users navigate to the extensions pane by going to the "More(...)" menu and selecting "Extensions", an icon will be displayed next to the name of the extension.

You can specify the following icon sizes:
- 24px - Icon for standard displays
- 44px - Icon for high resolution displays

```json
"icons": {
	"24": "images/icon_24.png",
	"48": "images/icon_48.png"
},
```

![manamgent UI](../../media/management-ui.png)


### Icons for packaging

Once your extension is ready to be packaged, you'll need to have three additional icon sizes ready:

- 44px - Used in the Windows UI (App List, Settings->System->Apps & features)
- 50px - Packaging requirement (not visible anywhere)
- 150px - Windows Store image

>note Submitting a Microsoft Edge extension to the Windows Store is currently a restricted capability. [Reach out to us](http://aka.ms/extension-request) with your requests to be a part of the Windows Store, and we’ll consider you for a future update.

Commit message:

Adding windows store icon info

extensions/guides/design/README.md, after:

# Design guidelines for Microsoft Edge extensions

The following page contains various design aspects and UI behavior to consider when creating Microsoft Edge extensions.

## Icons

It's recommended that you make the icons of your extension using a vector graphic. You'll need a few different sizes of your icon for your extension, and three additional sizes if you want to package your extension.

Before you create your extension icons, we recommend that you review the [accessibility](../accessibility) guide to ensure that your icons have high enough contrast and are visible in both the light and dark themes of Microsoft Edge.

While any webkit image format is supported, PNG is recommended for transparency support.


### Icons for your extension

For your extension, you'll need one icon size for its browser action/page action, and one icon size for the extensions pane. More than one size for each can be provided to support high resolution displays.

An extension can either have a browser action or page action icon. The browser action and page action icons can be changed at runtime using [`browserAction.setIcon`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/Add-ons/WebExtensions/API/browserAction/setIcon) or [`pageAction.setIcon`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/Add-ons/WebExtensions/API/pageAction/setIcon).


**Browser action**

The preferred sizes for browser action and page action icons are 20px, 25px, 30px, 40px. Other supported sizes include 19px, 35px, 38px.

The following [JSON manifest](../../API-support/supported-manifest-keys) snippet shows a standard and high definition browser action icon being specified using the [`"browser_action"`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/browser_action) field. The same syntax applies for [`"page_action"`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/page_action):
```json
"browser_action": {
	"default_icon": {
		"20": "images/icon_20.png",
		"40": "images/icon_40.png"
	},
	"default_title": "Fetch page info",
	"default_popup": "popup.html"
}
```

If the browser action has been set by the extension, it will appear either in the Actions menu after selecting "More(...)",  or to the right of the address bar if "Show button next to the address bar" has been toggled on by the user.

![browser action in action menu](../../media/actionmenu-browseraction.png)

![browser action](../../media/browseractionicon.png)

**Page action**

[`"page_action"`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/page_action) has the same JSON manifest syntax as [`"browser_action"`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/browser_action). Page action also has the same icon size requirements as browser action.

If page action is specified in the [JSON manifest](../../API-support/supported-manifest-keys), it will appear within the address bar whenever [`pageAction.show`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/Add-ons/WebExtensions/API/pageAction/show) is called.

![page action](../../media/pageaction.png)




**Management UI**

When users navigate to the extensions pane by going to the "More(...)" menu and selecting "Extensions", an icon will be displayed next to the name of the extension.

You can specify the following icon sizes:
- 24px - Icon for standard displays
- 44px - Icon for high resolution displays

```json
"icons": {
	"24": "images/icon_24.png",
	"48": "images/icon_48.png"
},
```

![manamgent UI](../../media/management-ui.png)


### Icons for packaging

Once your extension is ready to be packaged, you'll need to have three additional icon sizes ready:

- 44px - Used in the Windows UI (App List, Settings->System->Apps & features)
- 50px - Packaging requirement (not visible anywhere)
- 150px - This icon will be used by the Windows Store. If the background is transparent, the theme of the device will become the background color. Use an opaque background if you want to select your own background color. 

>note Submitting a Microsoft Edge extension to the Windows Store is currently a restricted capability. [Reach out to us](http://aka.ms/extension-request) with your requests to be a part of the Windows Store, and we’ll consider you for a future update.
