extensions/guides/adding-and-removing-extensions/README.md, before:

# Adding and removing extensions for preview builds of Microsoft Edge
When fully released to mainstream builds of Windows 10, extensions will be available via the Windows Store. Until that time, you can load the extensions that you create. Continue reading for information on how to add and remove your extensions in Microsoft Edge.

## Adding an extension

1. Open Microsoft Edge and type 'about:flags' into the address bar.

2. Make sure the "Enable extension developer features" box is checked.

   ![about:flags turn on developer features](../../media/sideload-aboutflags.png)

3. Select **"More (...)"** to open the menu.

   ![more button](../../media/morebutton.PNG)  

4. Select **"Extensions"** from the menu.

5. Select the **"Load extension"** button.

   ![selecting load extension](../../media/sideload-load-extension.PNG)

7. Navigate to your extension's folder and select the  **"Select folder"** button.
   ![selecting extension folder to load](../../media/sideload-select-extension.PNG)

**You're all set! You should now see the extension listed in Microsoft Edge's extension pane!**

![extension in extension pane](../../media/sideload-extension-installed.PNG)

>note Unsigned extensions are automatically turned off on subsequent launches of Microsoft Edge. When the browser enters an idle state (after approximately 10 seconds of inactivity) you will see the following notification at the bottom of the window. ![risky notification](../../media/riskynotification.png) To turn on the unsigned extensions, click "Turn on anyway".


## Moving the extension button
Depending on your extension's settings, it could appear in the **"More" (...)** menu.

   ![actions menu](../../media/browseraction.PNG)  


If you want to move the button out of this menu for easier access:

1. Right-click the extension button.

2. Select **"Show button next to address bar"**.

   ![actions menu](../../media/browseraction_contextmenu.png)  

You can also do this from the extensions details page by:

1. Click on the extension button.
2. Toggle **"Show button next to address bar"** to on.

   ![show button toggle switched on](../../media/show-button-toggle.png)

>note You can always move the button back to the **"More" (...)** menu by right-clicking it and unselecting **"Show next to address bar"** or by going to the extension details page and toggling **"Show button next to address bar"** to off.

## Removing an extension

1. Open Microsoft Edge.

2. Select **"More (...)"** to open the menu.

3. Select **"Extensions"** from the menu.

4. Right-click the extension you want to remove and select **"Remove"**, or select the extension and click the **"Remove"** button.

   ![actions menu](../../media/remove.png)  

**The extension should disappear from the list in Microsoft Edge.**

Commit message:

Adding step for ensuring latest build

extensions/guides/adding-and-removing-extensions/README.md, after:

# Adding and removing extensions for preview builds of Microsoft Edge
When fully released to mainstream builds of Windows 10, extensions will be available via the Windows Store. Until that time, you can load the extensions that you create. Continue reading for information on how to add and remove your extensions in Microsoft Edge.

## Adding an extension

1. Make sure you are running the latest Windows Insider Flights. The Slow ring is sufficient.

2. Open Microsoft Edge and    type 'about:flags' into the address bar.

2. Select the "Enable extension developer features" checkbox.

   ![about:flags turn on developer features](../../media/sideload-aboutflags.png)

3. Select **"More (...)"** to open the menu.

   ![more button](../../media/morebutton.PNG)  

4. Select **"Extensions"** from the menu.

5. Select the **"Load extension"** button.

   ![selecting load extension](../../media/sideload-load-extension.PNG)

7. Navigate to your extension's folder and select the  **"Select folder"** button.
   ![selecting extension folder to load](../../media/sideload-select-extension.PNG)

**You're all set! You should now see the extension listed in Microsoft Edge's extension pane!**

![extension in extension pane](../../media/sideload-extension-installed.PNG)

>note Unsigned extensions are automatically turned off on subsequent launches of Microsoft Edge. When the browser enters an idle state (after approximately 10 seconds of inactivity) you will see the following notification at the bottom of the window. ![risky notification](../../media/riskynotification.png) To turn on the unsigned extensions, click "Turn on anyway".


## Moving the extension button
Depending on your extension's settings, it could appear in the **"More" (...)** menu.

   ![actions menu](../../media/browseraction.PNG)  


If you want to move the button out of this menu for easier access:

1. Right-click the extension button.

2. Select **"Show button next to address bar"**.

   ![actions menu](../../media/browseraction_contextmenu.png)  

You can also do this from the extensions details page by:

1. Click on the extension button.
2. Toggle **"Show button next to address bar"** to on.

   ![show button toggle switched on](../../media/show-button-toggle.png)

>note You can always move the button back to the **"More" (...)** menu by right-clicking it and unselecting **"Show next to address bar"** or by going to the extension details page and toggling **"Show button next to address bar"** to off.

## Removing an extension

1. Open Microsoft Edge.

2. Select **"More (...)"** to open the menu.

3. Select **"Extensions"** from the menu.

4. Right-click the extension you want to remove and select **"Remove"**, or select the extension and click the **"Remove"** button.

   ![actions menu](../../media/remove.png)  

**The extension should disappear from the list in Microsoft Edge.**
