dev-guide/HTML5/README.md, before:

# HTML5 features

## Audio
You can use the [HTML5 audio](./audio) element to embed simple sound effects, background audio, or more sophisticated audio engines to your webpage without requiring script or add-on controls.

## File API
The [File  API](./file-API) provides a means to manipulate file objects in web applications.

## Newly supported elements and attributes
Check out the latest [HTML5 elements and attributes](./newly-supported-elements-and-attributes) supported in Microsoft Edge.

## Sandbox
The  [sandbox](./sandbox)  attribute enables security restrictions for iframe elements that contain untrusted content. These restrictions enhance security by preventing untrusted content from performing actions that can lead to potentially malicious behavior.

## Selection API
The  [selection](./selection-API) object represents the active selection, which is typically a highlighted block of text or other elements in the document. The active selection can be used to complete an action issued by a user or a script.

## Video
Using [HTML5 video](./video) you can embed a full featured video player on your webpage without requiring a third-party plug-in or JavaScript.

Commit message:

Brief folder upload blurb and snippet.
Still needs links to reference pages once I have the URLs.

dev-guide/HTML5/README.md, after:

# HTML5 features

## Audio
You can use the [HTML5 audio](./audio) element to embed simple sound effects, background audio, or more sophisticated audio engines to your webpage without requiring script or add-on controls.

## File API
The [File  API](./file-API) provides a means to manipulate file objects in web applications.

## Folder upload

Microsoft Edge supports [drag and drop with folders](./folder-upload) using the same API (webkitGetAsEntry) as [Chrome](https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2012/07/Drag-and-drop-a-folder-onto-Chrome-now-available).

## Newly supported elements and attributes
Check out the latest [HTML5 elements and attributes](./newly-supported-elements-and-attributes) supported in Microsoft Edge.

## Sandbox
The  [sandbox](./sandbox)  attribute enables security restrictions for iframe elements that contain untrusted content. These restrictions enhance security by preventing untrusted content from performing actions that can lead to potentially malicious behavior.

## Selection API
The  [selection](./selection-API) object represents the active selection, which is typically a highlighted block of text or other elements in the document. The active selection can be used to complete an action issued by a user or a script.

## Video
Using [HTML5 video](./video) you can embed a full featured video player on your webpage without requiring a third-party plug-in or JavaScript.
